The digitised and annotated Holle List of the barrier island languages,
off the west coast of Sumatra, Indonesia
================
[Gede Primahadi Wijaya
Rajeg](https://www.ling-phil.ox.ac.uk/people/gede-rajeg)
<a itemprop="sameAs" content="https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2047-8621" href="https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2047-8621" target="orcid.widget" rel="noopener noreferrer" style="vertical-align:top;"><img src="https://orcid.org/sites/default/files/images/orcid_16x16.png" style="width:1em;margin-right:.5em;" alt="ORCID iD icon"></a></br>University
of Oxford, UK and Universitas Udayana, Indonesia

<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->
<!-- badges: start -->

[![Project Status: WIP – Initial development is in progress, but there
has not yet been a stable, usable release suitable for the
public.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/wip.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#wip)

<!-- badges: end -->

## Overview

A repository hosting (a work-in-progress for) the digitised and curated
dataset of the Holle List vocabularies of languages off the west coast
of Sumatra, Indonesia ([Stokhof and Almanar 1987](#ref-holle1987);
[Stokhof 1980](#ref-holleli1980)). The goal is to allow computational
matching between the vocabularies of these languages with the [main,
digitised Holle
List](https://engganolang.github.io/digitised-holle-list/) ([Rajeg
2023](#ref-rajeg2023)). The matching will provide the English, Dutch,
and Indonesian translations for these vocabularies that are carried over
from the main Holle List.

### Notes

- Files in the `plaintexts` directory that are done are:

  - lekon.txt (✅)

  - simalur.txt (✅)

  - tapah.txt (✅)

  - mentawai1933.txt (✅)

These files will be supplemented by the additional data from different
languages (see the note below).

- The digitisation process for the lists of
  <span style="color:crimson">Mentawai</span> (not the “1933” one),
  <span style="color:crimson">Nias (1905 and 1911)</span>,
  <span style="color:crimson">Salang and Sigule</span>,
  <span style="color:crimson">Sigulei and Salang</span>, and
  <span style="color:crimson">Seumalur</span> was conducted by my
  students at the English Lexicology and Lexicography course in the
  Bachelor of English Literature, Faculty of Humanities, Udayana
  University. This is part of a class project to introduce WeSay app to
  the students.

  - UPDATE: The .sfm plain-text files from the WeSay projects are to be
    further processed (particularly matching the main word list with the
    notes)

### References

<div id="refs" class="references csl-bib-body hanging-indent">

<div id="ref-rajeg2023" class="csl-entry">

Rajeg, Gede Primahadi Wijaya. 2023. *Digitised, Searchable Holle List in
Stokhof (1980)*. <https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7972273>.

</div>

<div id="ref-holleli1980" class="csl-entry">

Stokhof, W. A. L., ed. 1980. *Holle Lists, Vocabularies in Languages of
Indonesia, Vol. 1: Introductory Volume*. Vol. Materials in Languages of
Indonesia. Canberra, A.C.T., Australia: Dept. of Linguistics, Research
School of Pacific Studies, The Australian National University.
<https://core.ac.uk/reader/159464813>.

</div>

<div id="ref-holle1987" class="csl-entry">

Stokhof, W. A. L., and Alma E. Almanar. 1987. *Holle Lists, Vocabularies
in Languages of Indonesia, Vol. 10/3: Islands Off the West Coast of
Sumatra*. Vol. Materials in Languages of Indonesia. Pacific Linguistics
(Series d) 76. Canberra, A.C.T., Australia: Dept. of Linguistics,
Research School of Pacific Studies, The Australian National University.
<http://hdl.handle.net/1885/144589>.

</div>

</div>
